AGENTS add draft skills to contribute to benchopt (#960)
benchopt/benchopt: .agents/skills/benchopt-contributor/issues_and_prs.md

# Scoping Issues & PRs

## Keep a PR to one concern

- A PR should do one thing. If a review comment opens a genuinely separate
  feature, don't bolt it on — it widens the diff and invites bikeshedding on
  already-reviewed work. Open a dedicated issue and link it.
- Flag changes unrelated to the PR's stated purpose (an incidental refactor, a
  drive-by fix): justify it in the description or move it to its own PR.
- Before committing, show `git diff --stat` then the full diff. Don't commit or
  push unless the user asks.

## Opening a PR

- Work through the PR template checklist (`.github/pull_request_template.md`):
  documentation for new features, a unit test, and a what's new entry.
- Commit messages: single line, imperative, prefixed to match recent `git log`
  (`ENH` / `FIX` / `TST` / `PERF` / `DOC` / `RFC`).
- **What's new entry** — add a `doc/whats_new.rst` entry for any user-facing
  change. Put it under the in-development version, in the matching section
  (`CLI` / `API` / `PLOT` / `TST` / `FIX` / `DOC`), ending with

>   ``By `Your Name`_ (:gh:`NNN`)``. If a follow-up PR extends an existing entry,

Author: ```suggestion
  ``By `Your Name`_ (:gh:`NNN`)``. If not already in, update `names.inc` with the contributor's name.
  For follow-up PR on unreleased features extending an existing entry,
```
